Adding storage gloss terms (#335)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/s.adoc

*See also*:

[[scale-out]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] scale out (verb)

> *Description*: Improve the ability of a cluster to do work by adding more machines. Increase the amount of load that the system can handle at one time by increasing the number of servers doing work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: To _scale out_ is to improve the ability of a cluster to do work by adding more machines. _Scaling out_ refers to increasing the amount of load that the system can handle at one time by increasing the number of servers doing work.
```

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*: xref:scale-up[scale up]

[[scale-up]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] scale up (verb)

> *Description*: Improve the ability of a specific machine or cluster to do work by adding more resources to the machines. Increase the amount of load that the system can handle by increasing the resources available to its components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: to _scale up_ is to improve the ability of a specific machine or cluster to do work by adding more resources to the machines. _Scaling up_ refers to increasing the amount of load that the system can handle by increasing the resources available to its components.
```

*See also*:

[[secondary-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] secondary cluster (noun)

> *Description*: In Red Hat Gluster Storage, the cluster that exists as a backup in case the primary cluster becomes unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat Gluster Storage, a _secondary cluster_ is a cluster that exists as a backup if the primary cluster becomes unavailable.
```

*See also*: xref:producer[producer], xref:target[target], xref:receiver[receiver]

[[server]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] server (noun)

> *Description*: The physical or virtual machine that runs the software that provides the primary features of the product. Do not use "server" by itself unless you have previously qualified it with another defined term, for example, storage server, metadata server, or database server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _server_ is a physical or virtual machine that runs software that provides the primary features of a product. Do not use _server_ by itself unless you have previously qualified it with another defined term, such as storage server, metadata server, or database server.
```

// OCP: Added "In Red Hat OpenShift,"
[[service]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] service (noun)

> *Description*: 1) Generically, software that performs automated tasks and listens to and responds to hardware events and requests from other software. 2) In Red Hat OpenShift, a _service_ functions as a load balancer and proxy to underlying pods. Services are assigned IP addresses and ports and delegate requests to an appropriate pod that can field it. The API object for a service is `Service`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: Generically, software that performs automated tasks and listens to and responds to hardware events and requests from other software. In Red Hat OpenShift, a _service_ functions as a load balancer and proxy to underlying pods. Services are assigned IP addresses and ports and delegate requests to an appropriate pod that can field it. The API object for a service is `Service`.
```

*See also*: xref:connection[connection]

[discrete]
[[service-hci]]

> ==== image:images/yes.png[yes] service (noun)

Author: Added as "generic" 1st entry in the "service" term.

// Ceph: General; kept as is
[[shard-n]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] shard (noun)

> *Description*: 1) A database _shard_ is a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine. Each individual partition is referred to as a shard or database shard. Each shard is held on a separate database server instance, to spread load. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: 1) A database _shard_ is a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine. Each individual partition is referred to as a _shard_ or _database shard_. To spread load, each shard is held in a separate database server instance. 
```
Same comment as previously re breaking this entry into a bulleted list.

> 2) In storage, a shard is a small part of a larger container. Shards replicate independently in parallel with other shards. Operations on shards take less time than operations on the whole container, which makes replication and maintenance more reliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) In storage, a _shard_ is a small part of a larger container. Shards replicate independently in parallel with other shards. Operations on shards take less time than operations on the whole container, which makes replication and maintenance more reliable.
```

// Ceph: General; kept as is
[[shard-n]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] shard (noun)

> *Description*: 1) A database _shard_ is a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine. Each individual partition is referred to as a _shard_ or _database shard_. To spread load, each shard is held in a separate database server instance. 2) In storage, a _shard_ is a small part of a larger container. Shards replicate independently in parallel with other shards. Operations on shards take less time than operations on the whole container, which makes replication and maintenance more reliable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A database _shard_ is a horizontal partition of data in a database or search engine. To spread load, each shard is held in a separate database server instance. In storage, a _shard_ is a small part of a larger container. Shards replicate independently in parallel with other shards. Operations on shards take less time than operations on the whole container, which makes replication and maintenance more reliable.
```

Reviewer 3: Updated the numbering; kept that sentence

*See also*: xref:snapshot-set[snapshot set]

[[snapshot]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] snapshot (noun)

> *Description*: A point-in-time copy of the current state of a volume or disk drive. Do not use "snapshot" as a verb, such as "snapshot the drive". Instead, say "take a snapshot" or "create a snapshot".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _snapshot_ is a point-in-time copy of the current state of a volume or disk drive. Do not use _snapshot_ as a verb, such as "snapshot the drive". Instead, say "take a snapshot" or "create a snapshot".
```

*See also*: xref:snapshot-set[snapshot set]

[[snapshot]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] snapshot (noun)

> *Description*: A _snapshot_ is a point-in-time copy of the current state of a volume or disk drive. Do not use _snapshot_ as a verb, such as "snapshot the drive". Instead, say "take a snapshot" or "create a snapshot"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _snapshot_ is a point-in-time copy of the current state of a volume or disk drive. Do not use "snapshot" as a verb, such as "snapshot the drive". Instead, say "take a snapshot" or "create a snapshot"
```

*See also*:

[[source-volume]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] source volume (noun)

> *Description*: Generically, the volume from which information is obtained for reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: Generically, _source volume_ refers to the volume from which information is obtained for reference.
```

*See also*:

[[split-brain]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] split brain (noun)

> *Description*: A state that a server cluster can enter, where nodes and their associated data diverge from each other and have conflicts when handling incoming I/O operations. The servers might record the same data inconsistently or compete for resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _split brain_ state refers to a state that a server cluster can enter, where nodes and their associated data diverge from each other and have conflicts when handling incoming I/O operations. As a result, these servers might record the same data inconsistently or might compete for resources.
```

// OCS: Added "In Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage,"
[[storage-class]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] storage class (noun)
*Description*: 1) In Red Hat OpenShift, a type of storage device categorized by performance characteristics. Storage class devices can be, but are not limited to; a traditional hard disk drive, a solid state drive, or a non-volatile memory express (NVMe) drive. 2) In Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation (formerly Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage), use _storage classes_ to describe the types of storage a product offers. OpenShift Data Foundation offers block, shared file system, and object classes.

*Use it*: yes

*Incorrect forms*:

*See also*:

[[storage-cluster]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] storage cluster (noun)

> *Description*: A group of physical or virtual machines that contains the resources and services required to provide storage. This might mean a Ceph storage cluster, a Gluster storage cluster, or just a cluster whose primary purpose is to provide storage as a service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: A _storage cluster_ is a group of physical or virtual machines that contains the resources and services required to provide storage. _Storage cluster_ might refer to a Ceph storage cluster, a Gluster storage cluster, or a cluster whose primary purpose is to provide storage as a service.
```

// OCS: Added "In Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage,"
[[storage-class]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] storage class (noun)

> *Description*: 1) In Red Hat OpenShift, a _storage class_ is a type of storage device categorized by performance characteristics. Storage class devices can be, but are not limited to devices such as a traditional hard disk drive, a solid state drive, or a non-volatile memory express (NVMe) drive. 2) In Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation (formerly Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage), use _storage classes_ to describe the types of storage a product offers. OpenShift Data Foundation offers block, shared file system, and object classes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Description*: In Red Hat OpenShift, a _storage class_ is a type of storage device categorized by performance characteristics. Storage class devices can be traditional hard disk drives, solid state drives, or non-volatile memory express (NVMe) drives. In Red Hat OpenShift Data Foundation (formerly Red Hat OpenShift Container Storage), use "storage classes" to describe the types of storage a product offers. 
```

*See also*:

[[subvolume]]
==== image:images/caution.png[with caution] subvolume (noun)

> *Description*: This term has several possible meanings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Subvolume_ has several possible meanings, depending on the context.
```

> Generically, a subvolume is a logical partition of a larger volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Generically, a _subvolume_ is a logical partition of a larger volume.
```

> In Logical Volume Manager (LVM), a _LVM subvolume_ is a logical partition of a LVM volume, usually to store metadata related to the rest of the file system on the volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Logical Volume Manager (LVM), an _LVM subvolume_ is a logical partition of an LVM volume, usually to store metadata related to the rest of the file system on the volume.
```

> In Red Hat Gluster Storage, a _gluster subvolume_ is a gluster brick whose data has been processed by at least one translator, for example, to replicate files in the volume.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Red Hat Gluster Storage, a _gluster subvolume_ is a gluster brick whose data has been processed by at least one translator, for example, to replicate files in the volume.
```

> In Red Hat Ceph Storage, a _Ceph subvolume_ is an abstraction of a Ceph file system export that Ceph Manager can make available for consumption by a service, such as OpenStack's file system service (Manila).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Red Hat Ceph Storage, a _Ceph subvolume_ is an abstraction of a Ceph file system export that Ceph Manager can make available for consumption by a service, such as a Red Hat OpenStack file system service (Manila).
```

*See also*:

[[subvolume]]
==== image:images/caution.png[with caution] subvolume (noun)
*Description*: _Subvolume_ has several possible meanings, depending on the context.

* Generically, a _subvolume_ is a logical partition of a larger volume.

* In Logical Volume Manager (LVM), an _LVM subvolume_ is a logical partition of an LVM volume, usually to store metadata related to the rest of the file system on the volume.

* In Red Hat Gluster Storage, a _gluster subvolume_ is a gluster brick whose data has been processed by at least one translator, for example, to replicate files in the volume.

* In Red Hat Ceph Storage, a _Ceph subvolume_ is an abstraction of a Ceph file system export that Ceph Manager can make available for consumption by a service, such as a Red Hat OpenStack file system service (Manila).

> *Use it*: with caution - use the expanded term before you use subvolume by itself.

Reviewer 2: Move the info about using the expanded term to the definition.
